Who in our generation didn't dance?
To this wonderful classic piece back in
the 1960s... at the 'Arpége' Samba Club?
Waldir had an orchestra.
They played at all the graduation parties.
And that chorus? Who sings it?
The musicians themselves?
-Yes.
And this friend of yours.
Yes. I was there too.
-Excellent.
In fact. Waldir himself
also sang the chorus.
Wonderful.
Those who lack life. you
see. do not dare to dance
Samba at the 'Arpége'
Club It couldn't be sweeter.
Let's listen.
Samba at the 'Arpége' Club.
Luiz Bandeira and Waldir Calmon.
Our story takes place in Brazil
in 1977. in very naughty times...
Fill it to the top?
Don't worry. everything is fine.
Fill it?
-Well...
Yes. fill it. but...
What happened there?
It happened last Sunday.
The poor devil came with
a knife to steal oil cans...
Rivanildas. the night worker.
grabbed a 12-gauge shotgun.
And he shot him in the chest and face.
And he remained lying there.
The idiot got what he deserved.
Don't worry. you are the customer.
That has nothing to do with you.
Good?
Oké.
Drive a little backwards.
Closer to the bomb.
-Alright.
Has it been there since Sunday?
-Yes.
I'll tell you the whole story.
It's been there since carnival
weekend. Sunday night.
Rivanildas called the owners.
Me too.
There is no answer.
Rivanildas fled to avoid being
caught at the crime scene.
He went to the carnival party.
And I was left here with this mess.
Open the hood.
If I go. I will lose my job.
If I stay. I'll be left with rotting flesh.
I'm almost used to this shit.
How much does it cost?
Stop at 120. please.
-Alright.
Didn't you call the police?
The police... We called them and they
said they would come on Ash Wednesday.
Because they have too
much work during the carnival.
Far there is no sign of them.
Today is Tuesday. They
started to smell bad yesterday.
Look what the dogs are doing?
Hello. dogs!
Get out of here!
Go away!
Damn bastards. get out!
Get lost!
What the hell.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Finally.
Thank you.
FEDERAL HIGHWAY POLICE
It's been there since Sunday.
You were not in a hurry
We didn't even know about this.
And I was drowning in
this problem at that time.
Good morning. sir.
-Good morning.
Your driver's license
and documents. please.
You're not here for the body?
You're welcome. My partner asked
me to stop and check The yellow beetle.
Please show me the fire extinguisher.
Could you get out of the car. sir?
Why?
I need to get into the car.
You can trust me.
Is it really necessary?
Yes.
Please get out.
Wait here. okay?
The fire extinguisher is in order.
Yes... in order.
There are no drugs in the car?
Don't you smoke marijuana?
No.
Weapons?
I don't carry any weapons.
Keep going. don't stop.
Nobody wants to stop.
Isn't that spare wheel too worn out?
That's a good spare tire.
Oké.
Listen. sir...
You could... Donate to
the police carnival fund?
Captain... I'm not a
captain. I'm a sergeant.
Sergeant.
I've been driving for three days.
I spent all the remaining money on gas.
But if you want...
You can take some of these. Cigarettes.
Can I keep them?
Of course.
Get lost! Get out of here!
Away!
Damn you. stupid fools.
SECRET AGENT
From Pernambuco - to the world.
Good afternoon to the
listeners of Jornal do Commercio!
DRIVEN BY ME. GUIDED
BY GOD It's Fat Tuesday.
Are you enjoying the pain of betrayal?
Is it difficult for you?
Then relax and enjoy Chicago.
If you leave me now.
WITCHCRAFT IS A POOR TURN
PART 1 THE CHILD'S NIGHTMARE
DEPARTMENT OF OCEANOGRAPHY
brother!
I bless you. father.
-God bless you.
Officer Euclid.
Wait a moment. I need
to talk to my men. okay?
Go. take a step back.
Before entering...
Tell me what's happening.
Father... I think it was
that guy from last week.
What?
What? You're crazy?
Do you think I would call
the father of the carnival?
What if it weren't serious?
Who's in charge here?
The artist. from the Kordeiro neighborhood.
I can't stand that piece of shit.
Fernando is not here?
He is enjoying the carnival.
Are there journalists?
-No.
Just a scientist and a few students.
Right or left?
I couldn't see. it was too far away.
Suspicious.
Officer Euclid. you shouldn't have come.
I'm almost done.
I am Euclid Kavalkančis. Chief of Police.
At your service.
The individual was found on
Sunday. we must act quickly.
Don't have a refrigerator?
-It's broken.
When we were working we
found a piece... that is. a leg.
I started to pull on it. but
decided it was better not to.
We called the police.
Damn...
Where was that shark found?
Or murdered?
150 meters from the shore.
There. in Kandeja.
And the leg... Is it a man's?
Better not say anything for now.
That is the job of forensic experts.
Are you going to cut it with
a knife? It's not necessary.
Don't worry. I have experience.
You will ruin the individual.
I'll delete it myself.
Please wait there.
No knives.
Hand over the gloves.
Professor. just one question.
Did you take photos?
No. there are no photos.
Professor. Was the shark male or female?
Masculine.
Damn!
Foolishness!
Mission accomplished.
God. you're soaked!
Here.
Mrs. Sebastijana. Yes. at your service.
Marseilles?
-Yes.
How are you?
-Brilliant.
I need you to take me.
-Of course. go up.
This is Klovis. Get on the footrest. boy!
Is everything okay?
-Yes.
Are you comfortable?
Let's go.
Didn't the cops catch you
when they saw your beard?
I was robbed today!
How. They took my cigarettes from me.
Don't give them anything!
You can take my cigarettes.
I would never let them take mine away.
How long have you been smoking?
Sixty years.
You're kidding! How old is the lady?
77. that's what my birth certificate says.
I was born in 1900.
Klovis. help him. Unload the suitcases.
Can you open the trunk?
-It's open.
Welcome.
Is this the man?
-Yes.
Welcome!
OFIRO MANICO
I brought beer.
Upon your arrival.
Holy Mary...
Harold.
Marcellus.
This party has been going on since
seven. Nobody has slept for two nights.
Don Sebastian!
Let's go inside. you need to rest.
See you.
-Welcome.
Look who's here!
Teresa Victoria.
This is Marseilles. it has just arrived.
Hello.
Hello. nice to meet you.
-Nice to meet you too.
This is Antonijus. her
husband. They are from Angola.
How are things going there?
It's a long story.
We can sit down and I'll tell you.
Mrs. Sebastijana. there is
a lot of noise today. right?
Don't worry. I'm going to ask
them to turn down the music.
It breaks my head.
I'll take care of that.
-Alright.
Welcome.
-Thank you. I hope you feel better.
See you.
-Pleased to meet you.
This is Ophiras.
I've been living here for twenty years.
And this is my niece Žeisa's apartment.
I have prepared everything for you.
You really prepared everything!
Everything looks nice and neat.
-A wonderful apartment.
Completely furnished.
I asked Klovis to clean everything up.
Can I put them in the bedroom?
Yes. Klovi.
He cleaned the entire
apartment and removed the dust.
But that wasn't enough for
me. so I brought some incense.
Rue leaves and coarse salt yesterday.
And I performed a cleansing ritual.
You are wonderful.
Make yourself at home.
-Thank you so much.
And you? Do you go to school?
No. I'm not going.
-Because?
He arrived here last
month from Rio Formoso.
He ran away from his father and uncle.
They wanted to make him into the
kind of man they wanted him to be.
Clovis is a man.
Right. Klovi?
-Yes. I am a man.
He's just not the type they want.
That's why it helps me here.
He does everything I ask
of him: waters the plants.
He picks mangoes. he does everything.
And after the soap opera He goes to sleep.
We'll see about school later.
You have to go to school.
There's a cat at home.
Mrs. Sebastijana. what is this?
Are you allergic to cats?
No. I like cats. but...
They were born in the town.
They were going to put them to
sleep. Žeisa brought them here.
Here are Liza and Eliza.
Liza and Eliza?
-Yes.
Liza and Eliza... Do
they live in the apartment?
More or less.
When Žeisa left. she left the cats with me.
They lived upstairs with me. but they
always came down and scratched at the door.
Then I thought: God. They miss Žeisa so
much that they will break down the door.
I asked Klovis to
cut this hole. It's terrible.
I said it would look ugly.
Yes. you did.
It's my fault. dear.
But it looks ugly. you can't deny it.
They ruined the door.
Now cats and dogs walk back and forth.
Girls. I was talking to
you about Marseilles.
Marseille. this is Joana.
And that rounder one is Marija.
Hello.
I'm sorry.
They work in the building.
Good afternoon. Don Sebastian.
My new neighbor Klaudija
and her daughter Debora.
Hello.
-Hello. nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
What's wrong with the girl's head?
Lice.
They covered her completely.
Klaudija is a teacher and dentist.
Divorced!
She is wonderful.
She came to see you.
-Enough.
Of course not.
Everything will be fine.
I just passed by here.
I find it difficult to keep
my tongue behind my teeth.
Dear. mrs. Sebastijana. please...
-Whatever happens...
It is not necessary. Don Sebastián.
A pleasure to meet you.
-Likewise.
Welcome to our house.
-Thank you.
If you need anything. I live upstairs.
The upstairs?
-Yes.
Is Klovis there?
I will ask you to buy cigarettes.
It was nice meeting you.
Now you've seen it all.
I have something for you.
Here you go.
You have to be there very
early on Friday morning.
At five in the morning. Thank you.
I'm glad I could help.
I found a house by the sea.
There are coconut palm trees
and a hammock; we can hang it.
And then. my dear.
I will feel love in your hug.
In the wonderful glow.
And then... We will walk the
path no longer just the two of us.
FOR THE NIGHT
many sharks.
Yes. grandfather.
I'm drawing the movie poster.
When can I see it?
Fernanda. can be seen from 14 years old.
Plus. you will have nightmares.
I'm already having nightmares. grandpa.
I won't have peace. right?
Mrs. Lenira. I'm going to visit my son.
Do you really think you should be here?
I want to see Fernanda.
Mr. Aleksandras. Is it there?
Fernanda.
There was a leg inside the shark.
Were you afraid? A human leg?
Yes. a human leg.
Did you see it on television?
-On grandpa's radio.
You can't see anything on Grandpa's radio.
You can only listen to it.
We need to find... that man
who lost his leg and put it back on.
With a screw or... a
little glue. or a string.
Or sew it.
-Yes.
With that thing.
Dad. can mom be here with us now?
Now mom's memory is with us.
When we think of someone.
that person seems to be with us.
But can he return?
No. they are.
Mom got sick and died.
She won't come back.
Do you remember when you
caught a cold and had a high fever?
Yes. I remember.
When there is pneumonia the
temperature rises much more.
Up to 50 degrees?
Up to 50.
It's very sad. isn't it?
Yes. but you and I are here.
Mom is also with us. in our memory.
I don't live with you
now just because I can't.
But that's why I came here.
Good?
That we can live and be together forever.
You and me.
STATE OF SAINT PAULO
This song plays in the city all the time.
Actually?
And what about women?
Good.
SERGIO MOTTA DAM
There is Oliveira.
Oliveira!-Lieutenant.
I usually don't ask. but...
It made me curious.
Who is that old woman at the end?
And what do I care if I tell you?
Snitch
Damn.
Go to hell.
What is that woman to you?
I'm curious.
Like an itch you can't scratch. right?
Inheritance and envy.
They just arrived.
I'm almost done.
That's the person.
It seems that he fled to Recife.
I will find out more and inform you.
Are you white. indigenous.
mulatto or black?
He is white.
What has he done?
It is written in the document.
That one on the right. with the beard.
A man like him...
As you can understand. it costs more.
I’ll take 60.000 crossed.
Plus travel. accommodation
and other expenses.
I'll pay 40.000.
I want first class services.
And I don't want any problems.
Don't contact me anymore
Imagine I'm not here.
Take care of it yourselves.
With all due respect. mr. Giroči... Giroti!
Mr. Giroči.
We have already won
several battles together.
There's no point
pretending we're negotiating.
when you know that my price is fair.
60.000 crusaders.
30.000 now.
30.000 later.
Are you always together?
-Always.
Yes.
We will sign the contract together.
If you don't agree. I will
understand and respect it.
This vacation passed in an instant.
He is a scoundrel.
I wish...
a hole
A hole?
In his mouth.
Make him shut up. you understand?
You can rest assured.
Good.
Make it 60.000.
No cavity?
I have dental calculus.
Here. I found one.
And it's huge.
Be careful.
Marcel!
Yes. Don Sebastian?
They brought the products.
Come meet Valdemar.
Your time is up.
-No. not yet!
I don't want to kiss.
What do you mean?
We've already kissed too much.
Then it's okay.
Do you know the story of Zeus?
Don Sebastián's niece?
The owner of these beds. of this house.
They told me she left
all her belongings behind.
That's not true.
She was murdered by her fiancé.
Angry because they got her a
scholarship to study in Germany.
What are you saying?
A great tragedy.
-Yes.
How do you know?
Don Sebastián told me.
I realized that she tells the
others a different version.
Don Sebastian.
Hello. how are you?
There have been worse times.
But at 77 years old. I feel very good.
Juana.
Good day.
Are you ready. dear?
Did you call ma'am?
Can you bring me my purchases?
Where were you?
I helped a man who had a toothache.
Is it causing you problems?
I'm causing you problems.
It's in good hands.
I have fallen in love with this woman.
Our guardian.
-Yes.
It is well taken care of.
Tell me. do you bring it every week?
Every Thursday.
My parents have a farm.
We collect what is left. and
I bring fruits. vegetables...
we don't have to go there?
-Yes.
Maria!
Don Sebastián. Hello.
Good morning. Valdemar.
-Good morning.
Hello. Marseille.
Just reviewing our products. the refugees?
Do you have mangabas today?
No. there are no mangabas left.
Maybe we should avoid that word. okay?
We don't use it here.
Mangaba?
Refugee.
And then what are we?
Flavia.
Wait.
Can you repeat it?
-What date are you referring to?
February 25. 1977.
And you?
The 1978 film.
From Sebastian.
It's okay.
The agreement was the following:
He was supposed to
come to the office at 5 am.
And invites Anisijus. who was
our contact. He did just that.
PART 2 IDENTIFICATION
DOCUMENT SERVICE Wake up.
Stay alert.
A man's foot found in a shark...
There is nothing here and there will
never be anything that I don't already know.
Look.
Agronomy student still missing.
Lord. what a disaster... We
couldn't know that he was a good guy.
How were we supposed to know?
ROBERTO SANTELMO
IDENTIFICATION DOCUMENT SERVICE
Look.
Why are you so worried?
What do the newspapers say?
Cause there might be some little
communists Trying to fool us. son.
As long as there is no
body everything will be fine.
One foot will get you nowhere.
And now what?
With that foot?
It's in the city morgue.
Marcel?
Yes. Anisijus?
You are punctual.
They told me to come early.
We were all told to do the same.
Let's go inside.
The Doresa?
-Yes?
Please bring coffee and water.
-Alright.
You don't need a lot of sugar.
-Of course.
You don't have a Paulista accent.
-I am from Pernambuco.
I see.
But your Pernambuco
accent is a bit strange.
Gerald. at this table. please.
Good morning. mrs. Dagmara.
Let's act like it's a
normal work day. okay?
Sit at that table.
Where should I sit?
-In the back.
There. at the last table.
Today we are here to help Police
Chief Euclid. Who did you see below?
The facility opens to visitors at seven.
Then you will start working.
We arrived at five. but
they only open at seven?
Yes. You will have time to settle in.
And most importantly:
We have a quorum.
Quorum for what?
Mrs. Ant.
No. Elisandra.
I'm expecting a delivery
of clothes this morning.
Could you keep an eye on him?
And tell the boy.
Thank you.
Would you like some chicken pot pie?
Of course.
It looks delicious.
I put three on your account.
A cake. newbie?
-No. thanks.
Just a cruise with half.
Thanks. I already had breakfast.
Actually?
You can use this room.
I reserved it for you.
-Thank you.
Hello everyone.
You have been invited.
Stay here. okay?
Who is that woman?
A girl of about three
years old was hit by a car.
And he died near his house.
She was the daughter of a housekeeper.
That's why Police Chief Euclid...
He asked Anisio to gather us all
together before starting the work.
We arrived early for
that woman's testimony.
Is this the police station?
No.
But today this is the police station.
to make it more comfortable
for the wealthy lady.
What a heartless woman!
She sent the maid to buy some
bread. and left the poor girl alone. crying.
The doors were open.
The girl came out.
probably after her mother.
And she was hit by a bus.
It seems they didn't
even tell the girl's mother.
That the place and time of the
testimony had been changed.
People. Please return to your tables.
Please.
Let's cooperate with Police Chief Euclid.
People.
Good day.
Thank you very much for coming.
The interrogation will
take place in my office.
Please work as if it
were a normal work day.
After the testimonies.
photojournalists will take photographs.
Please cooperate with Police Chief Euclid.
I'm doing what I've been told.
Dear newbie. are you married?
And/or do you enjoy the company of women?
Yes.
But...
I like...
I enjoy.
But it's...
complicated.
CARNIVAL VICTIMS: 91
HUMAN LEG FOUND IN SHARK STOMACH
There will be more than 100.
You can be sure of this.
More than 100 dead?
There is no doubt about it.
Are you a police officer?
-No.
You look like a police officer.
No. I'm not a police officer.
Euclides Oliveiras Kavalkančis.
At your service. Marseilles.
Marseille... that?
Aloe vera.
Marcela Alves.
The name of a police officer.
No. I'm not a police officer.
Now comes a photojournalist.
That woman is suffering a lot.
Children are a big problem.
But anyway. I'm the police chief.
My office is next door.
If you need anything. don't hesitate to ask.
-Thank you so much.
The one who comes now...
This is Anisijus.
Have you met him?
-Euklidas.
Start working with us today.
Highly recommended.
I'll show you the archive room.
Yes.
-Where we save the files.
If you need anything
I will gladly help you.
Nice to meet you.
That... Police chief
Euklidas is quite a character.
Him.
An imperfect man.
It's best to keep it close.
On the other hand. his white son. Twill...
God. help us...
Come on. boss.
Is it you again. Deziderijus?
Good morning.
-Good morning.
Right now. boss.
My routine is being interrupted.
Go to the main doors.
Gentleman...
A true lover of whores. Damn.
This is your workplace. It's okay.
Jesus Christ!
Don't worry about the greeting.
-Is everything all right.
Your work is constant movement.
Here identity documents are renewed.
I worked here since 1966.
Until 1973.
Too many dead.
Say the name.
María Aparecida dos Santos.
You're not fooling me. are you?
Your mother?
It's easier with the father's name.
Oké. then try it... Lorinaldo
Fernandes de Melo Solimojes.
Solimojes... Now that's a name!
Everything else is just an addition.
Lorinaldo...
Lorinaldo Fernandes.
Yes. there it is.
I'm still a student.
Father's name is easier.
I'll be right back.
Marcela. I'm here to help you.
I work with Elza.
I won't say anything else.
Do you hear it?
Is that the girl's mother?
-The one who died?
Our orders are not to let anyone in.
I know she's there!
You can't come in. ma'am.
Donut dress!
Don't touch me!
Mrs. Kleidi. I know you're there!
I know you're there!
I want to enter. I want to talk to her.
I want you to say it to my face!
Let me go!
Mrs. Kleidi. I know you're there!
I want to hear why you did this.
Why did you leave my daughter alone?
You will not let my client
enter a public building!
Escape!
Look who's by the phone booth.
What's new. friend?
Let's cross the street.
I have something to
show you. you will like it.
Now?
-Yes.
I'll introduce you to a great guy.
I also take my husbands
there. you can come with me.
Chief Euclid. right?
-At your service. Come on.
Across the street?
-It won't take long.
I need to make a call. Is it necessary now?
He is there now.
Your father likes you. You are lucky.
Let's go.
Across the street?
Across the street.
Once upon a time there was a king.
who had a big flea. whom I loved very much
like his son... [in Portuguese] 38.
He sent for his tailor.
The tailor came... Here!
Su!
My friend!
I recognize that voice.
Hello. old friend. Where is Hansas?
I brought a friend to meet him.
Tell him I'm not here.
How are you. Chief Euclid?
Couldn't we do this another time?
Can I come in. Hans?
Lord... Chief Euclid is here!
Su!
Good day!
My German friend!
I want to introduce you to my friend.
Marseille. this is Hans.
An authentic German
soldier from World War II.
This man has stories to tell!
Not today.
Tired.
Show the scars To my children and friend.
Chief Euclid... We appreciate
your work in the district.
But please come back another
time. Hans is not feeling well today.
Boss. please.
Let me exchange a few words with Hans.
I just want to see his scars.
Not today. tired Tired!
Hans. you don't have to do that.
Damn it! The black man speaks German!
Dad. I don't think he's in the mood.
Your. listen.
Show us the bullet holes in your legs.
Show it.
I believe. He doesn't want to talk.
Show the scars.
Are there sharks in Germany?
Gunshot wounds?
Impressive!
-Damn.
Really disgusting.
-Didn't I say it?
Germany?
Belgium.
That's enough. do you want more?
His...
I'm doing this for us.
This idiot guarantees your safety and ours.
He will never understand.
that you are Jewish Never.
Get out!
Get out of my office!
And take your friends with you.
Get out!
You can only talk like this because
You are a soldier from World War II.
Now get out!
Damn!
BRAZIL - FEDERAL DISTRICT Costa
and Carpinheiro partners. how can I help?
I would like to speak with João Pedro.
I'll connect you right away.
Mr. João. our friend.
Connecting now.
Hello. João. What's happening?
Listen carefully. I hope you're well.
Don't say where you areWhy?
-This call is not secure.
Our phones are being monitored.
Listen. we can only talk on a secure line.
Hang up now.
João... I'm going to hang up...
Send me the number and I'll call you.
How do I send the number?
Damn it!
Telegram.
PHONE NUMBER 216180.
INTERNAL 22.
I WILL BE WAITING FOR
CONTACT AT 5:30 PM. END.
Hello.
-Hello.
Telegram.
Why did you open it?
But I didn't read it.
If you didn't read it. why did you open it?
I don't know what to say...
The great dragon has been expelled.
It's the big snake... Rocks?
-It's me.
I would like to speak with mr. Alexander.
He is waiting for you.
NO ENTRY
and the stairs...
There's a woman in the
lobby... possessed by a spirit.
This is that movie.
Did I receive calls?
-No.
But someone left a message.
Dad. have a good day. Fernanda.
Thank you.
Let's go.
ONLY EMPLOYEES
Are you showing Nastrus again?
Pedras scheduled it for Saturday morning.
Because of that shark's paw in the stomach.
People like it.
By the way. Fernanda
really wants to see Nastrus.
I was thinking of bringing it on Saturday.
Are you kidding?
I would leave it.
It's too strong for him.
The boy is already having
nightmares about the poster.
There... This happens every day Every day.
Fatima really liked that window.
She liked to sit right
where you are sitting now.
I want to ask you.
Looking into your eyes.
When you married her.
Did you cheat on her often?
What are you talking about after so long?
You cheated. right?
Mr. Alexander...
Fatima and I loved each other very much.
You know this better than anyone. right?
I know.
Fernanda is the greatest proof of this.
You cheated. right?
Wait.
Someone is calling you.
Hello Joan. It worked.
I'm glad to hear you and
know that you are well.
I have to speak quickly.
I don't have many chips.
He got your name on
the Federal Police list.
This means that you
cannot leave the country.
That's very strange.
Can't I travel?
I'm trying to understand this.
He is manipulating.
This is a high level dirty game.
I tell you. He eliminated a
serious prosecutor from the case...
favorable to the regime. but serious... and
replaced him with a scammer. your friend.
Damn!
I have to say. The situation is very bad.
Please Don't put your
head in. stay in the shadows.
This is my last card.
Listen carefully.
Elsa He is now the most
important figure in this story.
Elsa.
A great place.
A technician from Rio stays here.
This way you save on hotel costs.
Mr. Alexander?
-Alejandro de Jesús do Nascimento.
I'm Elza.
-Pleased to meet you.
I'm Valdemar.
-Hello.
How should I address you?
You can call me by my name here: Armando.
It is a great honor to speak with you here.
Didn't you say you were using a fake name?
Isn't that bad?
Yes. not very good.
And thanks for the free tickets.
We just watched a movie.
Do you like me?
I'm not a religious
person. but it was terrifying.
Valdemar almost wet his pants.
I don't like horror movies.
Can I record our conversation?
Record what you want.
Recording.
It is similar to
American witness protection programs.
There everything is
done with great resources.
And government funds.
And here everything is a
bit improvised. Brazilian style.
And meant to protect you from Brazil.
How many people do you protect?
With you - four people in Recife.
Two more in Fortaleza and one in Salvador.
Are we all in the same house in Recife?
Each case is different.
We all help each other.
-Yes.
And who pays for all this?
The daughter pays for it... from a
very rich family from São Paulo...
that has been tearing the
country apart for a long time.
How was work today?
You hired me at the police station.
Are you serious?
No. it's not a police station.
You submitted your application to the
Identification Documents Department.
Yes.
I'll try to find it The only
document that proves.
that my deceased mother really existed.
But today that place was a police station.
With the police chief and everything.
Did you two talk?
He's a real idiot.
A son of a bitch.
The worst part is that
He seemed to like it.
Just know that we have an ally there.
Anisium.
Is it safe for him to know who I am?
Anisio helps.
But he doesn't know who you
are or what we're doing with you.
Tell me about passports.
Mine and my son's.
I don't know if you know.
But I am on the list of the Federal
Police. which prohibits me from traveling.
Given the situation. We agree
that you need a fake passport.
We can take care of that.
I can get the documents.
but it will take a few days.
What's going on here? I don't understand.
Why do I need a fake passport?
I haven't done anything wrong...
And what do you get with this?
Who are you?
I am a pediatrician.
I'm just trying to help.
Armando. let's not talk about that now.
Think about your son. My grandson.
Think of my daughter. Fatima.
Mr. Aleksandras. I
constantly think about my son.
I am very sorry for your
daughter. mr. Aleksandras.
And your wife. Armando.
How could this country
lose a woman like Fatima?
Brazil will pay dearly for this.
I don't agree.
With all due respect.
She won't pay anything She
will pay absolutely nothing.
Armando. I admire you. but you should go
If I were you. I would get out
of here as soon as possible.
I would accept your help and leave today.
That's why I organized it.
Mr. Alexander... We need
to protect what we still have.
You and my grandson.
I'll be in the screening
room. Close the doors.
We would like to know more
about Enrique Castro Giroči
and how he got involved in this.
I'll tell you everything.
I will get all this off my
chest This is a conversation.
Being recorded.
Tell me about that...
Enrique Girochi.
I...
I am not a violent person.
But this man...
I'd kill him even with a hammer.
I would crush his skull with a hammer.
You are...
Do you carry a weapon?
No. but I know how to use a hammer.
I need to go to the bathroom.
She paused the recording
to go to the bathroom...
We would like to know more
about Enrike Castro Giroči
and how he got involved in this.
Flavia?
About herself.
It's a conversation.
What dates are you listening to?
Excuse me?
-What dates are you listening to?
It's Elza with Marsel. in
quotes. February 25. 1977.
I'm not done yet.
Marselas is Armandas. did you know that?
That's exactly what I just heard.
And I got confused.
Marcel is actually Armand.
That's a fake name.Yes.
You're smart. Flavia!
Which ones are you listening to?
Anisija's tapes.
Since '76.
Yes.
I need to go to the bathroom.
How did you meet Giročius?
He came to visit the university.
As head of the department. Sometimes
I met guests at the Recife airport.
He was a member of the board of directors
of the state electricity company Eletrobras.
which belonged to the
Ministry of Mines and Energy.
You are Armandas.
I read your CV.
I imagined you different.
I'll take that as a compliment.
-Yes. It's hot. right?
What was your first impression?
About Giročius?
Idiot.
And his son - another idiot.
How long have you been
leading the department?
I returned after my postdoctoral studies.
About two years ago.
I also compensated for research leave.
And I was chosen.
Have you ever considered
working in the industry?
You could enjoy a nice
cold industrial shower.
I like doing research.
Did you say industrial shower?
Yes. I needed an industrial shower.
When was that?
That was in August 1974.
We present it to everyone.
in the department.
There was Luanda Azevedo.
Marcellus Vasconcelos. Sebastian Pires...
We show you the entire building.
We show you the laboratories. all the
projects... The electric autonomy project.
the electric car project... The
leather processing machine.
which was the pride of our department.
Let me introduce you to my colleagues.
Hello.
This is Suzy Shafer...
A pleasure to meet you.
From the University of Leeds.
Sendzejus Jeslin of the
Technical University of Quebec.
Are you British?
No. I'm American. From New York.
But Sendzejus...
-I'm British.
Are you British?
Yes.
-Really?
Yes. We studied together in Leeds.
I now live in Quebec.
Of course.
And here we are. He's a great guy.
That's how it was. The next day.
There was a meeting.
At that meeting.
practically... Shut your mouth.
To save time. I'll get
straight to the point.
Speaking of Eletrobras. furthest from
Pernambuco. the work you are doing here.
It should be part of the
whole. in my opinion.
You are too independent.
separated from us in the south.
I would like to focus on Rio.
Some of his research and
the subjects of the decisions.
To avoid old discussions on this topic.
How work differs in the North and the South.
I know you speak with a different
accent. You have a different way of working.
Even your department head is a hairy guy.
Right. Armand?
Long live differences. right?
What I'm trying to say is. I was
surprised by what I saw here.
I apologize.
Simply because... For clarity.
All our projects are published
in the official publication.
I don't understand why you're surprised.
Let me finish.
-Unless you haven't read it.
I said it in a positive sense.
To be clear.
-It's a compliment.
It's okay... By the way.
leather processing technology...
measuring the area of the leather.
It is important to local culture.
For bulls. goats. cows... It is important
for the economy of the Northeast region.
I like it.
It is a regional center. not a national
one. And much less international.
Let's take a look at the electric
car. the project you showed me.
By the way. Armandas is also working on it.
In Canada there are being
carried out More advanced research.
In fact. we bought 12 prototypes
from the Canadian consortium.
Through Eletrobras. I would like to add...
You and your company
are part of that consortium.
Eletrobras.
In fact. Eletrobras acquired 12
prototypes from the consortium.
Eletrobras?
Not your company?
-Eletrobras. Can I continue?
So... I'm curious. If taxpayers' money
Investment should be made in such projects.
In the northeast... He can't be serious.
when they themselves have
to deal with so many problems.
Furthermore. competing
with larger companies abroad.
Mr. Giroci. I am Luanda
Azevedo. research professor.
Graduated from the Federal
University of Rio Grande do Sul.
Are you from the south?
-Yes.
All our projects are funded.
From public research funds.
And we have association projects.
financed by independent foreign foundations.
It's time to review your financing
criteria. especially independence.
Luanda was the first to fall.
She went to work in the São Paulo metro.
Where was that idiot in
the Technical Commission.
Did this happen to the entire team?
Yes.
It was a real industrial rain.
Cut funding to state
universities for personal benefit.
It's just that...
And then I was Full of accusations.
I don't know if you know. But two
invented articles were published.
a coordinated attack against you. In
the newspapers of Rio and São Paulo.
Thank God. I didn't see
anything in the Recife newspapers.
Everything will pass.
I hope it happens.
Mr. Alexander. Please
sit here so I can see you.
I didn't tell the story in order.
The night before that meeting
We went to dinner.
I. Fatima. Giročis and his son.
She started out as your secretary. right?
To the bathroom.
What a beautiful woman you have!
Do you want some water?
Yes please.
I invited you to dinner with my wife.
And she just said she's a teacher. right?
But I know why you're doing this.
It's for lithium battery research. right?
I patented the research.
It's my project.
It's a small advance.
but the patent is mine.
Pass me the whiskey.
My sense of smell
never fails me. right. son?
You know me.
This guy uses the
university to patent research.
I demand respect.
Don't tell me... Use the public
system to reach the market.
We need to close all
these shitty institutions.
Easy money. right?
-I demand respect.
Public money is easy money.
I am the head of the
research center you attend.
I am an employee of the
university that accepts you.
I can't believe it.
-I knew I had to come here.
I knew it.
Armand. my field is engineering.
I run the family business.
Created through sweat and hard work.
My father is Italian. from Genoa.
My blood is Italian.
You have no idea what
you're getting into. kid.
You are a communist.
I'm not a communist.
-You are.
Are you a capitalist?
More communist than capitalist.
-Listen.
You know the map.
Brazil.
North.
Everyone has their own place.
Good job. man.
Fatima.
I work at the university that accepts you.
I'm not a little boy.
as you just called me.
I demand respect. Dinner is paid for.
Meeting tomorrow at
8:30. The car will arrive at 8.
If you want to go. go; If not. don't go.
That idiot can stay behind.
Let me say something quickly.
I got up because I felt the
need to urinate and vomit.
As soon as I got up. it happened.
Control your wife.
You treated us disrespectfully.
Very disrespectfully.
Let's go.
-Wait.
No. no...
-Control your wife.
Now you will listen.
I was silent all night out
of respect for Armand.
Very disrespectful. especially
towards a father in front of his son.
Now I think of my father.
who is a humble man.
He started working at the age of nine.
This is a man.
This is a man. Do you hear me?
Like my husband. This is a man.
Let's go.
But you. you're drunk too.
You should be ashamed.
What kind of person are you?
The secretary is the bitch
that gave birth to you. Fuck off.
Calm down!
-Go to hell.
Go to hell yourself.
Sit down.
-Armand. don't get involved in this...
Each one has its place.
-Don't worry.
I haven't hit anyone since school days.
In the gym in 1950.
And the meeting took place...
Like I said.
Did Fatima really say that about me?
Yes. mr. Alexander.
It's okay.
Well then...
Giročius is a criminal.
His place is in prison.
And when I say that. I am not
referring to an agricultural colony.
It should be in Carandiru.
What you are doing is treason.
He is a scammer...
and a murderer.
In your group. let's say. of refugees.
What I want to make clear most is your case.
I understand... Those two
foreign universities love me.
They're probably pressuring you.
Not for that...
Those foreign universities
really want you. that's great.
But let's not talk about that.
We have been informed
that two men have been hired.
To find you in Recife.
That's not good.
They are from the state
of Rio. working together.
The oldest is Augustas Borba.
A former soldier. discharged
from the army in 1970.
He was based in Minas Gerais.
The lousy military didn't even need it.
He is scum.
The youngest. Bobis. is his stepson.
They say the stepfather
killed Bobi's mother.
And now they are working together.
They say they are
looking for hitmen for me?
Yes.
Is Giročis behind this?
And what do you say?
One week. maximum ten days.
In your hands in four days.
Four days?
What a lack of respect!
Fatima. for you.
And to your son. who is with me.
She was so healthy...
Four days?
FORENSIC MEDICAL SERVICE OF PERNAMBUCO
I need to talk to you about
something that's happening outside.
About?
It is very important.
Why?
-It's better that we go outside.
Keep it outside
Come on. Lucius.
We are moving.
Lindinho is probably turning in his grave.
Damn!
There will be a bomb here!
Listen.
The hairy leg strikes again!
The cartoon turned out great.
Hairy leg!
The piranhas will come out tonight.
You will throw this
garbage in the trash. Sergei.
What?
-You will throw it away.
Here.
Stop here.
It's good here!
I will call you.
San Luis Cinema. good night?
I would like to speak with mr. Alexander.
I think he's already gone.
I'll connect you to the booth.
Thank you.
Incoming call.
Could I speak to mr. Alexander?
He left early today. Can
you tell me who's calling?
I just want to confirm. your name is
Alexander de Chesus do Nasimiento. right?
I can't help you with that.
man. Leave your name.
And I will pass it on
to you... What is this...
Apparently his father-in-law works at
the San Luis cinema. Not anywhere else.
Now there is a man!
They are here.
Damn.
Look at this tourist!
My colonel is punctual.
Look at that hat!
For your sacred honor!
Police truck?
-Go up.
Let's go.
-That's what I'm talking about.
Everyone in!
This is my colonel.
My colonel. Look who's talking.
My lieutenant.
The lieutenant is my ass.
First lieutenant! And I'm
proud of the uniform I wore.
Let me introduce you to my stepson: Bobby.
Or Obadiah.
On the birth certificate - Obadiah.
He's a big guy.
Is everything okay. Obadiah?
Does it shoot well?
You can't even imagine it.
This is Seržas.
Mother's son.
Next is Arlindas. He is like a son.
I prefer more Bobis. mr. Euclid.
Leader Euclides. I do not sell
sweets on the street. Good?
I didn't spend my whole life
on this. Being called mr. Now.
What is Bobis? Is it a man's name?
Did we run out of male names that day?
Leader Euclid.
It's better.
-It's hard. boy.
He doesn't like being called
Mr.. it makes him angry.
Understood? Calm down.
Are you here on a mission?
Let's not go there.
Never mix friendship with work. okay?
The carnival was a true spectacle.
Almost 100 missing.
I read about this extravagance
in the newspapers.
Did a shark even swallow a foot?
A story for tourists.
Speaking of which. Let's go for a walk?
Drive?
We'll go for a walk.
Wow yes! We're definitely going for a walk.
Where are we going?
Easy. boy.
Today we are just tourists.
We're not going for a walk.
What is the plan?
Everything is fixed.
One is 157.
The other is 157 and 213.
They are in the back.
Are you already there?
157 and 213.
Damn.
213 means...?
Most of the time. rape.
157 -armed robbery with murder.
Just good guys.
Local resident. Pedro Jorge do
Nascimento. 27 years old. student.
living in Mustardinja district.
I went for a walk in the afternoon
through 13 de Mayo Park.
With a friend. Alexandrino
Borges. 32 years old.
Dental technician. resident in
the Bomba do Emeterio district.
When they were unexpectedly A shadow rushed
towards them. appearing out of nowhere.
And he started kicking them.
It's so strange.
It's strange. but we all
know what this is. right?
But the newspaper writes
about it as if it were news!
Teresa. I read about
that attack. Incredible!
Read it.
But you've already read it.
-I do.
But it sounds much better
with your English accent.
Thank you.
My dear!
Hello everyone.
Hello. dear.
Is everything okay?
-Yes.
Marcel. I'm glad you came to say goodbye.
Don Sebastián told me.
I wanted to be with you.
-Hello!
I'm Gerald. Sebastiana's friend.
Peluda Leg is very popular at Casa Amarelo.
A little anarchic. right?
Can I call?
-If it is not long distance.
Help me with the dishes. Klovi.
I don't like Recife.
They didn't treat me well here.
Sorry for calling so late.
I would like to leave a
message for mr. Alexander.
I really want to talk to my son.
It's a strange city. but...
It's okay.
The Hairy Leg that jumps.
It would be a hit in Luanda!
Thank you. Suleika.
Thank you.
Is it sugar cane vodka?
-Yes.
Long live mr. Marselas.
Marselas is your fictitious name. right?
Marcelo...
My name is Armand.
But call me Marseille if you want.
I would prefer not to
reveal my... real name
Teresa Victoria... That was
the name of my dear aunt.
Actually I always wanted
to be Teresa Victoria.
A beautiful name.
I like compound names.
The names are used for your security.
It's not easy when they
call you by a foreign name.
It's just a precaution.
My name is Sebastiana.
I haven't changed it My name is Clovis.
Actually. just Clovis.
I wish I was as brave as you.
Really yes.
But it is not easy to live in
the face of a mortal threat.
I am in the presence of a mortal threat.
I am also in the presence
of a mortal threat.
Let's relax. I'll play some music.
Mrs. Sebastijana. I didn't
want to ruin the atmosphere.
Help me.
I said it because... I am alive. strong.
I have a son.
I want to live.
Just... I found out today.
that death is imminent.
It was quite a surprise.
For someone who was in
conflict with both sides in Angola.
finding refuge here It was very good.
Now Antonio and I are leaving.
On a plane without a
Portuguese flag. we insist on it.
Teresa. you talk too much.
Don Sebastian. You are the best.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Where are you going. Teresa?
There is no need to talk about it.
But thanks.
My niece Žeisa loved this song.
To be more precise. he loves it.
I think this is for my.
Hello. mr. Aleksandrai.
Good.
Talk to you later. have a good night.
I don't want to see you sad.
Come see my little museum.
Look here... This is my niece.
Žeisa. when she was little.
It's already overgrown here.
And here you are?
That's me with my
boyfriend at the time. Andrea.
It was in Italy. in Sassuolo.
Really? Did you live in Italy?
For seven years. From 1936 to 1942.
You never told me that.
-You never asked.
I returned only after the war ended.
I went to Italy to study music.
And I stayed when everything
started going downhill.
I couldn't go back I was a
communist there. Then anarchist.
Or the other way around. I don't remember.
I saw things with my own eyes.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I will take them to the grave.
I also did three things there.
I'm not going to tell you that.
But I did them and I had to do them.
To finish... A toast to all of you!
And toast.
To my friend Žeraldas.
-Thank you.
Life has its bad things. but
there are also good things.
To Harold. who is not Harold.
For Marcel. Who is Armands?
To this woman. who
for me is Teresa Victoria.
She goes to Sweden with Antonijus.
A toast to Claudia. Who is Claudia?
And to Deborah. I'm sure
he will live in a better Brazil.
She will grow up in a
better Brazil. with less evil.
For everyone's health.
To health.
Thank you. mrs. Sebastijana.
Calmly.
Look at me. I'm here.
PART 3. BLOOD TRANSFUSION
Damn it!
Vilmarai.
Mr. Bob.
Lord Augustus.
Is this the man?
This is the man.
I asked and they told me you are the man.
I don't know.
Are you capable of doing the job?
Yes. he is capable.
The work is here. in Recife.
It requires a lot of
responsibility and reliability.
Poor or rich?
Hell knows!
It looks luxurious. but it is not rich.
It looks luxurious and is rich.
It will be more expensive.
Do you have a gun?
No.
He is a coward.
I'll do it for 4.000.
Damn it!
What do you use for work?
Average length: 38.
Guaranteed accuracy.
I'll give you 2.000.
The price is 4.000. I'll do it for 4.000.
You work at this shoddy job. Carrying
sugar like an animal. for pennies.
It's an easy job.
We have information that will help you.
Like an animal... I don't like how you talk
This is our man.
4.000.
4.000 agreed.
But now you're leaving.
2.000 in advance.
Right now.
Severinai. I have to go.
For half an hour.
-Alright.
You are responsible.
-Of course.
If Santa Cruz wins today. I'll buy beer.
I'll be back soon.
It's okay. Aleksandrai.
I'm sorry.
-Hello.
Is mr. Aleksandras here?
-He just left.
Actually?
Too much.
HAIRY FOOT STOLE A LEG FROM THE MORGUE
MARIJA APPEARS DOS SANTOS
Maria Augusta?
Maria Aparecida?
-Maria Aparecida.
There aren't many of them.
Is she your mother?
You're determined. right?
My mother passed away; I
would like to have your documents.
Even if it's only one.
And I know that your ID was issued here.
I am determined to find the file.
I hope you do.
Good day.
Good morning. boss.
-Good morning.
Are identity documents issued here?
Yes. sir.
Brenda Oliveira da Mata.
I just need to talk to someone.
Maria Eugenia... Armando.
His name is Marseilles.
Elisandžela. you can let him in.
Is everything okay?
-I called you Armando.
How about Fernandas?
-Good.
He asked me to pass this on to you.
I had to swear. that
would come in the morning.
Turn it over.
Dad. Grandpa and grandma are very nice.
but I want to live with you.
I think I'm starting forget mom
Come back soon.
Fernandas.
Take my grandson.
I'm taking my son.
And you should take it.
You should take it.
I have to go.
Did you find your mother's document?
Claudia Andrade Lima Melo.
I'm sorry...
Mariana da Roša Pineiro.
Mariana?
Thank you.
Next. Kaua Baros Campos.
Demosthenes Gera Ferreira.
I'm sorry.
-Yes?
Is he Armando?
No.
His name is Marseilles.
Armando.
Arming!
His name is not Armando.
Grab a few guys and intimidate him.
Just We have two patrol cars.
I'm sorry.
Commander Euclides. I'm sorry.
Yes. Marseille.
I need to talk to you.
Please.
You know I don't carry any weapons.
We are unprotected down there.
Such a man He appeared harassing the girls.
What the hell.
He threatened me
He's causing trouble.
that's why I came to you.
You need a gun. friend.
It makes you respected.
Extend your hand.
Stretch... Your hand. he
wants to see your hand.
Stretch it
That's right.
You're getting nervous.
Have you met his wife?
No. I don't know him.
He's down there now.
Commander Euclid...
I wouldn't have come
here to ask for your help.
If only I didn't think it
was a dangerous situation.
Arlindai?
-Yes?
Go check it out.
Right away. I'm anxious.
Let's go.
-Thank you. commander.
Let's go together. something is happening.
Do we really have to go now?
-It's fast here.
Scammers and scammers
Lieutenant.
Hello. lieutenant.
You have a call.
Mr. Augustas. this is Vilmaras speaking.
I found a man.
Where?
In the office where
they issue identity cards.
Is it really him?
Definitely.
I looked carefully.
Shall we go to the end?
Is Bobis with you?
No. he stayed in the cinema.
That's better.
Get rid of it.
I'll get rid of him.
Straight to the nose.
He's in the phone booth.
That guy with the red hat?
Come on. Markas.
I have your remaining money.
Man... Are you bothering our friend?
Show us your passport.
I know this guy.
I forgot my passport today.
Shots were heard!
There's a shooting there. It's a real hell.
Damn.
Don't do tomorrow What you
can do the day after tomorrow!
Long live procrastination!
Long live collective inaction!
The man in the red hat?
Over there?
Free love costs more!
Social security The so-called foresight!
The wishes continue to grow!
Neither the future nor glory mean anything!
What I see is only the wind!
Look at the books. look at the books!
Help us...
Where is Arlindas?
Did you see what happened?
-Yes.
Another true love.
Love is rebellious.
It doesn't grow in a cage.
She needs freedom.
She doesn't ask for alms.
Find yours and live it. While
I'm still here and never returned.
I am a plant. I have roots.
I am a beast of the forest.
walking free and happy.
Following my destiny. earning
money. there will be more tomorrow.
My path must be free.
He doesn't ask for alms.
Take care of your
love while it's still here.
These cases cannot be
removed from the room.
All lines are busy due to what happened.
Tell me. your name is not Marsel. is it?
Like an animal...
Elsa.
I need the passports now.
Elsa... My time in Recife is over.
Back off! Disperse!
CARNIVAL COUNT: 91 DEATHS
SOUTHERN TOURIST PHOTOGRAPHED BY A BARBER
The motive could have been revenge.
Danny.
Yes. Flavia?
Talk.
Have you tried to find out
what happened to these people?
Do you know I'm a little worried?
I tried searching online.
but there's nothing.
They all lived before the era of Google.
We need to check the newspapers.
Yes. but there will be more work.
I'm listening to Anisijus. who
tried to help Armand. you know?
Have you gone back to Armand's case?
It shook you up a little. didn't it?
Yes. I needed a break from that.
Well... I don't know why.
but this boy's story moved me.
Probably because my
family is from Pernambuco.
My grandfather. who
was practically my father.
I liked hearing Armand's
voice in the headphones.
He had a nice voice.
THE KILLED SCIENTIST WAS
ACCUSED OF CORRUPTION.
Take him away?
Armand Solimojes. 43. was shot...
The crime is considered contracted.
Say dad.
Thank you. goodbye.
Good night.
-Good night.
I would like to meet with
Dr. Fernando de Melo Solimojes.
He is waiting for me.
Doctor Fernando.
Flavia. right?
-Exactly.
Are you a donor?
Yes.
How much do you weigh?
52 kilograms.
Flavia?
Doctor Fernando.
A pleasure to meet you.
How are you?
I was joking when I said I would
only meet you if you donated blood.
Still. it's for the best.
It's my first time donating blood.
You're in good hands. right. Roza?
Everything is fine.
Can I see my blood?
From Minas Gerais?
Yes. but I lived in São
Paulo for a few years.
At first I didn't want
to But I'm glad I did it.
Can I take this?
-Yes please.
Thank you. Roza.
For a snack. I'll bring
you some chocolate milk.
I know your father spent some time looking
for your mother's ID Here in Recife. right?
It's recorded on tape.
You see. I don't know... I didn't know.
About my paternal grandmother. I only
know your name. María Aparecida dos Santos.
Also known as the Indian.
That's all I know.
Do you have any documents
about your grandmother?
Nothing. I've never seen her.
No photos. nothing.
There is no record.
From my paternal grandfather she got
pregnant by the daughter of a Bonito maid.
Here in Pernambuco.
My grandfather was 17 years old.
and my grandmother was 14
years old. she was still a child.
She was like...
She did all the housework.
She was like a servant...
Like... enslaved...or captured.
I don't know... She
was definitely enslaved.
And my grandmother was known as... Everyone
called her the Indian. simply the Indian.
And my father. his son... Everyone
said he was a handsome boy.
She was the Indian. and
my father was handsome.
Will you see?
It's not simple.
It's very difficult for me to talk about
this... I do it because you insisted.
In reality you are not just anyone.
you sent emails. you called...
But I find it difficult to talk about it.
But... And your father Armand?
My father Armand was
born from that relationship
between a 17 year old
boy and a 14 year old girl.
And... The rich side of the
family... rich. so to speak...
That's my grandfather's family.
They took my father to raise him.
While her mother couldn't
do anything. she was a girl.
Listen. Fernanda. this is what happened:
I work at a private university. who
paid me to transcribe the tapes of the file.
And now they want the tapes back.
in my opinion because they
contain sensitive information.
Then they asked for all the tapes back.
But it doesn't matter. because I
made copies of all the recordings.
I said you weren't just anyone. right?
But that's the reason I came.
I enjoyed listening to
your father's testimony.
Listening to how people talked about him.
Flavia... How did those
recordings come to you?
Through Sara Gebert's daughter.
Your father knew her as Elza.
When they were hunting him.
Flavia. I don't want to go into that.
Good?
Good.
In fact...
I brought this. with all
the recordings I copied.
Everything I received. it's
here Your father's voice is here.
and people talking about him.
It's yours.
You can take it and do whatever you want.
My grandfather Alexander...
Who raised me?
And who I consider my father...
He told me that... He
always used to tell this story.
When my father... The day my father
died. I had just washed and was ready.
I chose my favorite
clothes and stayed there.
Next to the house. waiting for him.
He was scheduled to come pick me up.
To be honest. I don't remember.
Sometimes when someone
else tells it. you create a memory.
But I don't know if I remember that day.
I'm telling you about him. but
I... In fact. I don't remember.
In fact. You remember
my father more than I do.
I don't think I've helped you much.
It's all good.
It was wonderful to meet you.
This trip to Recife is
also an opportunity for me.
To meet family members.
whom I only know by phone.
Do you have family here?
My grandfather is from here.
He worked for the family.
Not far from here. in
the Plaza del Niño Llorón.
I like the name Crying Boy.
It's a great name for a square.
I've heard about that
place since I was a kid.
By chance I ended up here.
Do you want to know about the coincidence?
When I was little. I really
wanted to see the movie Nasrai.
I know.
-Do you know?
My grandfather didn't let me. Just the
sign scared me... A hand with large jaws.
He was a movie projector
operator at the San Luis cinema.
One day he took me to see him.
Unexpectedly.
I got ready and left.
Since the day I saw the movie. the
nightmares about the shark disappeared.
There is the coincidence.
Guess where I saw the movie?
I don't know any local cinemas.
Right here.
Was there a cinema here?
The Boa Vista cinema. where I saw Jaws.
It has changed a lot.
-It has changed.
It's a completely different place.
And now I work here.
Your car?
-It's already here.
Thank you. Fernanda.
Thank you.
SECRET AGENT
The production and distribution of this film
were financed with public and private funds.
creating more than 1.300
direct and indirect jobs.
Furthermore. culture is not
only part of identity of a country:
it is also an industry.